Fix issue with 4.0.0 spaghetti plot (#1711)
pace-neutrons/Horace: documentation/user_docs/docs/user_guide/Horace3_to_4.rst

transformed into the correct ``Symop``, however, it is still best to
switch.

Spaghetti Plot
--------------

``qwidth`` in ``spaghetti_plot`` arguments now correctly refers to a full-width of the perpendicular
bins. This means that to achieve the same results in Horace 4 as Horace 3, a user-specified

> ``qwidth`` should be twice as large. Default ``qwidths`` have been updated to reflect this change.

Reviewer: defaults where? For unspecified arguemnts? In documentation? etc

Author: Defaults are usually for unspecified arguments, aren't they? I'm not sure what "defaults in documentation" might be and I'm not sure what clarification you want.

> ``qwidth`` should be twice as large. Default ``qwidths`` have been updated to reflect this change.

Author: ```suggestion
``qwidth`` should be twice as large. Default ``qwidth``s (if unspecified) have been updated to reflect this change.
```
?
